Hello, what's your name? My name is Andrew Lancaster. All right. Where you from Andrew, I'm from, Lancashire
And what do you do? I do impressions. What's your full-time job, Andrew?
I've done a vast array of jobs, like what I've worked in a biscuit factory
And tell me why you've entered the show
And what did what the dream is please? Well, I suppose the dream would be to have a my own
Impression sketch show one day. It's a big dream. It's a big dream. Well, that's what it's all about. Okay. Well best of luck
Thank you very much
Ladies and gentlemen at the United Kingdom. I
Donald J. Trump proposed some changes to the way you're doing things in your beautiful country
Yeah
Number one your children your greatest natural resource. I propose Professor Brian Cox educate each and every last one of them
I think it's going to go something like this
Twinkle twinkle little star
How I wonder what you are well actually we do know what you are I
Think it's absolutely wonderful
Number two
I believe that your National Health Service is a beautiful thing should be in charge
By my good friend Nigel Faraj. He's gonna do a great job
Now wait a minute don't do that. I mean come on, I mean here we are it's funny, isn't it?
You know as soon as somebody says my name everybody goes bonkers
You know, I think it's quite funny. I've got another job
And finally number three, is it number three, I don't know I don't know
Number three folks your housing you got to get that sorted out folks
I know just the man for the job is Russell Brand ladies and gentleman Russell's do your thing?
Now seriously, right? Yeah, I think the most important thing is I'm
Gonna start yet muscle atrophy nothing. Please country. The moment is to get everybody in a nice little ass, you know
Those are my ideas to respond in your beautiful country, if you don't like them you're fake news. Good night
God bless you and God bless america
What's your name? My name is Daniel, how do you I am 23 years old and
Tell us what do you do for a living? I am actually a sales representative for a few radio stations in Mid, Ohio
So what you'll be doing for us today. I am going to be singing for you
Okay. Can I ask you have you been performing a lot? This is actually my first time in front of an audience. Shut up
So this is a big deal so just take it in and you know, what don't think about it
Don't think about it to do it. Got it. Go
Around like you take you
Not so serious. Oh
We're just getting started don't you tip toe tip so
He'll race might be too rash to retrace time to directories
Will be running with me read
Hey Rio, feel vibrate to see their real right thing to see grab a real bro carefully record brain for sleep
Talk to me, baby
Sweet sweet crazy while let's dudes are mine Oh frenzy crazy. Yay
Keep I hope it will be States by the ocean walk for me, baby
Let's do our minds and go crazy crazy
Keep on hoping really cake by the ocean
To me
Crazy crazy, there'll be cake by the ocean
Thank you, the Bee Gees take seconds to make up
My whoa
But that I have to confess
When I sing in falsetto, I feel like I have lost my testicles
He's not I'm not sorry for I don't look like Elvis
But because it's genetically impossible
Finally I'm going to impersonate Godfather. This'll be good
They're judging I'd like to thank you for having the old legislation we have associates
Different families from England Scotland Ireland. Thank you so much
This is Barbara Walters and today on my show I have
Award-winning actress Natalie apartment Natalie. I hear you're having a baby. I
Am Barbara
We're thinking of naming the baby Oscar, but that's that that's silly because that's my cat's name
Hey all Zwolle Cyrus, what's up?
Mort dad, no, I'm not gonna clean my room right now want me to clean out your bank account
Okay, keep it up in here yeah, okay, so here's
Okay, so that's the leopard I really hate right now is Christina Aguilera, yeah because she totally messed up the star-spangled banner' am I right
Dear 25
8:48 a.m
And the new celebrity housemates have arrived
by Big Brother
car
ah
Did somebody mention car oh, yeah. Oh
Hi Simon, or can I call you daddy?
It
49m the housemates are having doughnuts for breakfast and it's a MIDI make doughnuts. Oh
That's me is there anything they can't do hmm Marge
Talking about
Oh
We'll be back after the break Oh an accident
Dissipation
A.m
To find out if he's got the X Factor
You like a pop star you sound like a pop star?
But Darin Darin Charlotte's our dark charcoal Garth Shawn
We need to find out the thoughts of one final judge Simon
Okay, let me stop you there
Like you
Do you have any pets? Yes, what do you have?
I have three horses eight chickens Wow, a baby lamb and two dogs Wow
Do you live in an apartment?
My name is Lilly Wilker I'm 11 years old I come from new rement, Ohio
I live on a small farm with my mom and dad
Living on the farm is the best. I love to talk with the animals
definitely spend more time with
What would you do with a million dollars if you won the entire series of America's Got Talent's I donate it to hospitals and
Animal shelters. Oh
Wow, you could be the nicest contestant we've ever had Lilly
You're adorable good luck
You gotta giggles
This is the e saving dog
My dad
That was
Fantastic to me. Thank you Howie. What did you think you ever do it at the back of it?
Yeah, and and there's a teacher you go who brought a goat?